Oooh women suffering, yeah
What color is green
We're commie now
By kids for kids
Napoleon III was a great ruler because of me.
I don't speak that time-zone, I don't speak nunna that
Pretend you're a lil' tard
We were not dying. We were winning backwards.
Most of those are Armenian slaves. ...Nice.
I didn't stab you in the back, i raped you from the front
Bulgaria does not deserve to exist
Democracy is the Trojan horse of Socialism
I dislike squares
Born to be German, forced to be Dutch
Maybe the reptilian shapeshifters are based?
The bite of 1850
You're asking a lot from a little Romanian child
The Mighty Afghan Army is dying of attrition
Why is my militancy going up
We need a designated retard-war chat
CUM IN ME
I bet Turk is planning another war he can lose
I am good at the diplo
Autisitic? I prefer the term "Sigma Male Grindset"
You have to understand this doesn't revolve around your sick sense of diplomacy
I just saw someone with down syndrome. I didn't even know that was possible
Get Turk'd on
I got all the McDonalds Boy-Toys
I just noticed his giant boner
I say the n-word because i sound like Kanye West
it's not that you don't suck enough dick, you suck dick good
I will eat your flesh
Did you know that you had bombs? Well Allah says you do!
I love minors too
I am commander. I'm not drinking.
I cant see the map because there's a penis
Rest in Peace Rocksauze, You Out-Scaled Us All
U can't ride and bj
Angry birds? More like Frustrated Aviators™️
Let’s not go to Köln, ‘tis a silly place
You called my mother a sodomite?!?!
budget harem
I love sucking nuts
Mmmm... I love convincing Africans I'm good.
I will freeze your bank assets
You got a deal. I like sucking dick.
God gives his most complicated diplomacy to his least competent communicators
I can be a cute anime girl
I'm trying to extort a blowjob out of him, don't kick him!
The Afrikans are back in the cotton mines
Wait, has the game started?
Sex time @Crustard
Fuck you, void
Nah we gloi g
BUT THERE'S A VIC-2 GAME!
The SU-AZ
Warthunder players are becoming the new jews
Guys I blew up a date for my mappies
Does Dual Monarchy do anything in Europe?
AIDS conducts electricity
ok Anteriousis
You're harboring Nazis
You know the game middle schoolers play, putting a finger up in eachothers asses
Turk wasn't the bum fiddled, he was the bum fiddler
u declined my valentines you had ur chance
unfair, I want to sniff russian girls too
I'm super smart, I'm just retarded
hitler was my favorite socialist
I would love some flesh eating in my society
You know, clussy doesn't seem that bad though
Let me form zapo and I drop 50 gigs of plane porn
You're hot, you're a 10. I'd chase you, man.
I like children
i do not want to have sex with a horse... i want THE HORSE to have SEX with ME
FUXK YOU VOID
I'm only expanding my mappies
>.< hewwooooo!!!! I am a gecko tehee uwu OwO
I'm such a silly boy kisser
Can we milk Rocksauze?
I love dicks.